Monorepo (#88)
Shopify/web-foundation: packages/postcss-plugin/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [Unreleased]

🚨Package rename

> The postcss plugin is now scoped under the `@shopify` name. This mean the name of the plugin is now `@shopify/postcss-plugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has been renamed from `postcss-shopify` to `@shopify/postcss-plugin.`. Update any configuration to use this new name
```
